hey what's up guys so today I will show
you how to reset an OSX password without
the installation CD I this old PowerBook
g4 I bought it used and it doesn't have
the installation CD this thing is
outdated so it is really you know I
don't want to put too much effort into
buying a senior Amazon other things like
that I'm gonna show you how to do it
just by typing in a few things on the
keyboard check it out so the first thing
you're gonna have to do is power it down
turn that bad boy off you're going to
turn it back on after that charm you
gonna hold
Apple and s right there until the text
comes up so just hold it nothing
happened
Oh text is up see it's coming down let
it go see that where it says root and
then hash tag you're going to enter this
exactly mount
space - you w /
you
actually it won't really remove by
itself you got to turn it back on
you
all right check it out look I'm already
back see that you got the original
screen going for it a lot of you
probably haven't even seen this before I
haven't even seen this before how dope
it's up so yeah if you like these kind
of tutorials uh like and subscribe
let me know if you need help setting
anything up